Added L7 tutorial katacoda experience. (#183)
hashicorp/katakoda: consul-l7-observability-kubernetes/intro.md

> Consul service mesh deploys an Envoy side-car proxy alongside each service instance in a datacenter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consul service mesh deploys an Envoy sidecar proxy alongside each service instance in a datacenter.
```

> The side-car proxy brokers traffic between the local service instance and other services registered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sidecar proxy brokers traffic between the local service instance and other services registered
```
